Selenium Server is a way that we can remote execute our tests.
We can take one of the Selenium tests and execute that
test in a cloud or remote‑based scenario.
These tests are either the generated record and playback test from
Selenium IDE or the WebDriver test that we coded earlier. To do this, we
direct our test to a server that we have set up.
Each test can be configured to run on a specific server using a specific driver.
You can have a Linux server using Chrome or a Mac server running Safari.
This is a test that is sent to the correct driver
configuration, which in turn has the right browser
configuration enabled if that is an option.
Think about the tests that we just ran and how they were really only
testing one scenario, the machine that we were on and the browsers
that we were using on that machine. It's easier to see where
Selenium Server fits into this picture now. We're going to still run
these tests locally, but the concepts translate into a remote hosted system environment.